1. Understand Biomass data collection (KT); what is gedi? all the data download that is happening, the training is straightforward
 we use EE Rf understand the different vegetation indexes;  // leave this first point for me to understand
2. why are we not directly using the worldcover labels for india? is that possible? indiasat has a lot of classes but we have merged them to 
fewer base classes similarly in worldcover if there are a lot of classes we can map them to fewer base classes if thats better than just 
directly using the classes given by worldcover
3. the vegetation changes from year to year and models are sensitive to that, so for models to be robust you should feed it data from multiple
years; training must be done on multiple years and check if its temporally robust; assuming you have ground truth for some said years, 
you train on some and you predict on the others so you can ensure the model is temporally robust.
(How many years is the ground truth valid over we can provide that information to the user while they pick the data (from the zoo i suppose idk for sure from where))
4. number of points that are labelled and the spread of those points; now the number of points should be contingent on the size of the area
instead of absolute numbers something like percentage of pixels for which the training data is available and then the skew or spread of the data
which is your entropy (the sir was not sure about the 4th point completely claude so just think of a standard optimal approach here that fits the bill given by sir)
5. you can validate the json, if you actually were to apply those operations would it work? or if something is missing? even before you execute
it; someone uploads a json before executing we validate that json with a validation module
6. we can also try looking at tessera, so the user can kind of choose tessera as well; i asked him that tessera only has data for 2024 then sir 
said we can raise a request for the other years or that data and get it;
7. we can start doing some stress testing, acacia and non-acacia ; they are for trees only ; we can look at the IIT delhi area and sanjay van 
we can look at this area as one of our standard areas it has acacia/non-acacia; iit has all the built up; the sanjay van has the trees and has 
a small water body you can also adjust to include haus khaz and green park; this whole strip of land 5-6kms for this area we can get from 
tessera and lets make it one of the main places to work on; we will also select other main sites for stress testing; lets say one model
we use alphaearth and the other model we create with tessera for acacia/non-acacia and then we can also keep the option of mixing and matching
; for the iit delhi area and this strip of land we can do acacia/non-acacia trees; another we can take jalpaigudi over there we can 
demonstrate that we start with indiasat base class or worldcover base class and then demonstrate the splits or add operations
8. mining thing will be a next thing we can do in the future (the next big thing we can develop in the future) for which we will need the 
segmentation model
9. the asola bhatti is also another good area for mining and acacia/non-acacia trees but now those areas may not look like mines at all we would 
have to see, apparently after looking the mines must have been reclaimed and settled by humans with the built-up; even then it might be useful
to see if we get some false positive here or likely could be a false positive with our mining model
10. similarly we can apply tea and non-tea as well on that area or some other area and check
11. lets select some areas like these above and actually start applying using and demonstrating the framework also add these locations to the default 
areas and spend some time on strengthening; we can later in the future look at the segmentation model and stuff.


//acacia/non-acacia model replaced the tea/non-tea model so look into this.
