1. are we using the same sampling as raman sir and his notebooks?
concerns: they were generating pan AEZ and they are used in production and everything check if the sampling size and other methodology for
sampling is the same or not;
sample preparation is also done by selecting grids from all these ACZs and bringing those pixels together so from a correctness point of 
view we must ensure that we are not degrading the performance of any of these models;
for example it shouldn't be that we are just training it on that ACZ or the bouding box the user is interested we can use a better 
trained model; and the second is on time for correctness.
even if we have to store the model we can do that just check why is that being done that the model is not being trained locally?
3. mail to susmit and anunay the stacd specification
4. are the models of raman sir of crop/tree basically using only one sentinel 1 data or is it using both of sentinel 1 and 2?
the other model which data is using?
5. it may be better that the user can pick a model to attach to a node of their choice from the hierarchy and giving a suggestion like 
normally this should go here instead of making that decision for the user of always attaching those two models that raman sir gave to greenery
always like kind of how we do with other models; lets say for instance if the user has already split the greenery class on some rule of NDVI
now within a subclass of that node the user may want to further split it using raman sir's or any other model then it should be possible and 
it should be possible on any node (since its one of our base promises);
6. look deeper into why is the random forest model is different from the other models for EE; what is a coarse grid? what is the crisp tile
map? 
7. biomass shouldn't be mixed with the LULC thing; its a separate mini-project we will get to that later on; can you do pan india biomass map?
and changes within that biomass 
8. what is the existing tile path? 
9. we can look at the output quality for the linear mining model; we can compare the eventual polygons that we are getting with the original
polygons and then we can get precision, recall, iou??(idk what sir said here), evaluation metrics used for segmentation object detection
basically if this model is doing well enough then we dont necessarily have to go down the segmentation route that will be gpu and all other 
stuff that will be regular CV segmentation and then we could compare how well does this pixel followed by vectorization do? vs end to end
object detection
10. (i may have presumptuously claimed that we are only using sentinel 1 data for this water thingy so please have that context before reading
this next point) we will have to evaluate in both cases for the water thing, how well is it performing on these ground truth small water 
bodies and large water bodies and ofcourse if it is detecting water in random places so we would have to zoom into the maps to build the confidence
now the other thing is that because these are fortnightly maps we can bring them down to a score of number of fortnights for which there 
was a water maybe that could be used as a blue color gradient; just for visualization when you're doing an annual LULC map then your blue 
has different shades like later on we can do for cropping then the green color (or some other color) gradient will have changing colors based
on single/ double cropping; but more importantly we will have to do validation pretty carefully by looking at examples of small water bodies
large water bodies; what was this trained it on? only sentinel 1 only? a combination of both is recommended although the cloud obscuring 
issue will be there; maybe we will look at the examples and the validation results then decide;
if this works everywhere for at your level 1 itself for water/non-water detection, then there will be a tradeoff if we do well on regular
water/non-water then we may miss out on seasonal water right? for a few fortnights there is water; the way the classifiers behave is they 
learn to distinguish between .... again it depends on the training data (non water is a lot) and if we are just using sentinel 1 and 
typically there has been confusion between water and road (I noticed this as well) if we are just doing sentinel 1; lets say a lot of data
is enabling to differentiate between road and water then seasonal water may get sidelined so we may need to use something like IndiaSAT
method , IndiaSAT for water detection uses a mix of SAR for monsoon period and dynamic world for non monsoon period and then it does NDVI
correction so its allowing enough leeway for the detection of seasonal water then for those seasonal water we do a more accurate analysis 
in terms of how many fortnights there was water using classifiers that just works within water bodies unlike the first one so we use 2 
classifiers; something simpler at level 1 which allows seasonal water to come through and within that we do water/non-water or number of 
fortnights or something; sir thinks just using sentinel 1 would be tough;
11. for the acacia/non-acacia thing, how many crowns do we for acacia/non-acacia;
few things we can try is that we can discard very small crowns like just 1 isolated tree which is just adding noise (anything less than 
10m x 10m we remove) and on the rest we check; beyond that we may have to get into other methods like semi supervised classification
that use these as your base supervised learning datasets classify other pixels then very high confidence pixels include them in your 
training so that your training dataset expands and keep iterating so that your training dataset expands and again classify by including
very high confidence positive and negative pixels thats one strategy we can think about it; the other is another way of expanding the 
acacia/non-acacia dataset using drone imagery of high resolution rgb so over there they are using dino embeddings(embeddings for each patch
using rgb data) the features the branches the density get encoded; thats how another guy expanded the dataset (gaurav can send us this or 
maybe we can do this); whenever we say accuracy we must always write both precision recall and f1; 
12. theres two different tracks in this project: this whole framework of being able to plug your own custom classifiers and all the other stuff
but the other thing is building your own high quality classifiers which potentially can work anywhere in india, mining and water are 
two examples we can look at the output but for checking the overall accuracy of both those models we must do some pan india thing for that;
we will build it in the usual way we have all these mining polygons from across india and we produce the output over these so those are 
the things that we will have to figure out; training will be fine that you have a lot of these mining pixels that we already know and non-mining
we can give from other classes and do a similar thing like the water non water data augmentation thing; maybe the method here is similar 
that what base should it operate let the base map identify barren areas and then within those barren we get mining and non mining and then we 
do that for all of india and then we compare the accuracy for the original ground truth we have; we dont know how computationally taxxing this
could be; one alternative: we have these mining polygons and we can create a buffer of 100/200/500 metres polygon around each polygon and 
all of that feature collection becomes our testing ground so rather than producing an output against all barren areas in india and then
dissecting those with mining polygons if that takes too long then we can just operate in the feature collection space we have mining polygons
and have the non mining polygons around them and this is similar to the water thing should we plug this under barren or should we have
some tentative areas and just run the classifier around that? also the evaluation for these mining classifiers shouldn't necessarily be done
within this framework its a pan india experiment;
13. road misclassification we need to take care of; its also possible that there could have been water logging on the road itself;
once we look at the output in more parts of india; we also have the water bodies data for the larger water bodies the small water bodies 
we already have i think; 
Seasonal and Perennial Water Body Dataset :	projects/ee-mtpictd/assets/GTSeasonal, projects/ee-mtpictd/assets/GTPerennial
Differently Sized Water and Non-Water Markings : projects/ee-vatsal/assets/GT_BINARY_LATEST
this over the EE itself and the asset link has been given we can look over the output for these as well;
the main point is that we need to see if we are detecting a lot of spurious then we need some kind of filter that only over two fortnights 
and those we hold or some kinda threshold;
14. operations log variable name should be different if its not violating the standard of stacd we only need the sequence not everything that
the user has done;


15. this was what susmit mailed me back about their stacd specification and he also gave me a sample of their specification so think about this what has to be done:
Hi Salil,

I checked your file. Certain paramters are different from ours attached my stack_item for your reference. I am currently bit unsure of whether those are optional or mandatory or you can use similar format as ours.
Kindly cross check with Airflow(Saharsh's expected stackd format) for proper expected format.

Regards,
Susmit Mahato


-------- Original Message --------
Subject: Stacd spec cross-verification
Date: 2026-08-02 15:12
From: Salil Sanjay Gujar <mcs252106@iitd.ac.in>
To: Anunay Sharma <mcs252095@cse.iitd.ac.in>, Susmit Mahato <mcs252102@cse.iitd.ac.in>

Hey Guys,

Can you just go through this stacd file that my framework is creating along with the stac specification and check for uniformity with the one that you guys are working on, just let me know if there are any errors/improvements that should be made.

A sample file from my end has been attached.

Context: I'm working on a LULC framework that takes user data and can train more models apart from the pre-trained ones that are already available on the framework so the stacd specification will help us in deployment and in the smooth operation/resumption from the user's perspective.

Thankyou,
Salil Gujar


// the file has been saved in the week11 folder as susmit_stac.json