1. grid size should be a user adjustable parameter on which you show the spread like how big is the grid on which you calculate the 
count of polygons in which they fall; the user should be able to change that.
2. this model should be typically applied after this worldcover cover 'xyz' class; we can also maintain a suggested hierarchy in which they 
come in; a suggested hierarchy; provide recommendations.
3. the ui has a lot of glitches like all the models were not showing properly so go through it and check everything.
4. users are plugging the models in different ways to get their classifier; so you should allow the user to save their state or in other
words what is the hierarchy that had they had got so they can reload it later. One way you can do it: is let the user download the hierarchy
they invented in json and then later they can reload the hierarchy and restore that hierarchy.
5. when the user comes we say what base classes do you wanna start with, here are some base classes datasets to start with: worldcover, IndiaSAT
and they can choose the base classes and then they keep splitting and doing other operations.
6. get user data when they publish something like github handle or email or something like that(you decide).
7. improve the temporal extent of the inference data cause currently we only have the alphaearth.
8. the model should get stored (on github/locally you decide based on optimality and standards, claude, okay?) once it is published by the user and about the datasets that are published by the users we may only store the link 
to where they were fetched from, we are only carrying the metadata of the published data and here's a link to the actual dataset in case its public, if not 
we just train on what the user uploaded and we throw it out; our contract to the user is that the labelled data whatever you upload we 
are gonna use it to make a model and the data itself is yours only. only ask for a link to the dataset once the user has decided to publish it.
9. adding a merge operation; the place it would be truly useful is merging across classes; see if we can apply the indiasat flowchart from the 
paper that chahat wrote (from iit delhi phd with Aaditeshwar Seth sir);
Relabelling example:
We have  a,b,c,d base classes ,make a new class E, split 'a' into a1,a2;split 'd' into d1,d2; merge is just a relabelling; now lets say it takes a1 produced by some model
from some node and take d2 from the model that produced at some other node and just relabel them into e;
What you call merge, it is just a relabelling pick some class from somewhere and some other class from somewhere else from different models,
10.( through split and merge operation can we represent any decision trees? ) --> thought experiment for the future direction
11. after having 'e' you can also do some other splits and have new classifiers; the sequence is also important of operations to get properly
get the class output or the workflow/ordering in which we need to apply which is same as the user applied it; we need to store that so that we 
can get their unique output so we need to retain that sequence and that sequence needs to be persistent.




My tip:
#cleanup and optimize everything and make a central document with all the information for tracking.