1. if you are doing EE, you're restricted to linear models or the models that are runnable there, otherwise if a user chooses to use 
tessera then we must not stay limited to that; we may want to do tessera for mining and segmentation; 
when somebody wants to train a model then we ask what inference data do you want to use? and then we ask do you want to use these regular
pixel based ML models or an object detection based models (we can keep extending this) but ultimately we want to link potential valid models
with the dataset that they are using; if somebody says i want to use EE then we can give them a list of models then can use and if they want
to use tessera locally then we can also give them some other list.
2. can we do LULC on tessera embeddings (despite knowing the limitation of only being able to train on 2024?) (answer this question,claude)
3. at some point, we should also put some checks on how large a bounding box can be; so that the user doesn't explode the download time.
4. read the stacd paper(saved as stacd_paper.pdf in the root); any raster dataset can be described using a stack-spec; this stacd is an extension of that : its basically a 
dataset and algorithm management system implemented on airflow
Every hierarchy output that we produce we should have a stack-spec(the final output) and have a stacd spec which should list all the models
and the location of all the models etc; so the json that we produce is in some sense will be like a property inside stacd that this is some
sort of input set that we used to produce this and we will have more details
5. a research problem(probably not for now): what sparsh and keshav have coded for this is: how much for a given water body at different 
timestamps , how much of the water body had water and how much did not? its like a segmentation but you cant do it directly using 
tessera because its based on the entire year's signal but what we can do on a given timestamp in that particular fortnight we can 
sentinel 1 and sentinel 2 data and then we can do segmentation based on that; so we do segmentation on raw satellite data and on fortnights.
instead of segmenting on rgb we are segmenting on all the 128 bands or we could do a PCA 
For each of these water pixels, we have a time-series (water,water,non-water,water) the center will have water more often and the edges wont;
we can use NDWI which is basically a reliable signal of water which is also interpretable; for IndiaSAT, sir's other team using the information
from NDVI and seeing that one peak we are saying single cropping and two peaks we are saying double cropping; why didn't they use ndvi directly:
because there are cloud covers in between sometimes there are calibration issues in such raw satellite data; whereas embeddings are able
 to fill in the missing data due to their nature and hence perform better. satellite data is not interpretable, so what we need is 
something to reconstruct something like clean ndvi, ndwi etc from embeddings
how do we reconstruct explainable indexes from embeddings? - main research problem 
one way is doing segmentation using raw satellite data and the other way is to generate the time series of well known indexes from the 
embeddings
for now what we can do for now is instead of just using tessera, alphaearth, we can give the option of raw sentinel data then we can pool 
all the data together you have a bunch of water pixels and non water pixels at said fortnight you can get all that data together
just pool everything together and train, the classifier will give a water non water pixel on a particular fortnight like lets say on 14 july
fortnight tell me which pixels were water and non water (this is a simpler classifier for now)
6. ~
7. sentinel 1,2 embeddings related training should also be done on EE if possible
8. estimation of the training time if we can do that then that would be good with some profiling because its hardware dependent;
you can build for now is a configuration that a server admin can operate like for a bounding box of 10km this particular server trains a RF 
model in how long assuming 10 percent training data; this is in context of EE; we could also do some benchmarking
9. check if the code is structured properly for deployment
10. lets get the MVP product out there of this;
11. acacia non acacia see how you can improve it
12. right now you can split and add models but instead of a model can you now define a rule just an expression if ndvi is greater than 
a threshold save dense vegetation otherwise save sparse vegetation
we provide a variable registry like ndvi seasonal average , ndvi annual average then we let the user write expression with combinations of
ndvi and ndwi indices then its class 1 or class 2 and so on and so forth look if we can do something of this sort now
13. can we represent that whole thing of the classifier tree (from the other paper of beyond flat classifiers{saved as 
beyond_flat_classifier_paper.pdf in the root}) in our framework for the 
implementation of these rules (from this newer ndvi index) say if a slope more than something then we put the crop in the shrub 
(in a crop shrub area); so lets say we have first a crop shrub split then we have another rule split on the crop then we will get crop'
 and shrub' then merge shrub' with shrub to finally get the shrubs

