(take the core stack data from the LULC ground truth from the google earth embeddings from the first four rows of this excel sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xS5d7vgyjyoqqnmmajKDZBx9qS6GqyAdSbNDR62ot2Y/edit?gid=1864114429#gid=1864114429)

1. greenery water built up 
2. take tree polygons and crop polygons as greenery
3. take water polygons as well 

(2 & 3 from this: 
1. Broad 4-Class LULC Dataset	projects/ee-indiasat/assets/IndiaSat
2. Cropland vs. Tree Dataset	projects/ee-indiasat/assets/Polygon_Groundtruth/FarmForest_Groundtruth
3. Seasonal and Perennial Water Body Dataset	projects/ee-mtpictd/assets/GTSeasonal, projects/ee-mtpictd/assets/GTPerennial
4. Differently Sized Water and Non-Water Markings	projects/ee-vatsal/assets/GT_BINARY_LATEST)

4. we'll have some farm polygons, tree polygons, built-up polygons etc and lets have alpha earth and tessera(from the geotessera lib) both embeddings maintained
5. in geotessera, give a bounding box for the preferred box
6. for the same pixel, we'll have different values resulting in a giant data frame.
(6 dataframe should look like this: 
polygon, pixel, lat, long, alpha-earth embeddings, geotessera embeddings, class
)
7. simple classifier like logistic regression or random forest, to say that these are some farm areas, these are some up built up areas, these are some tree areas, real time downloading of the embeddings( we cant download the whole thing but for a local small area)
8. download the embeddings and run our local classifier

9. i. build this dataframe
   ii.  build a classifier and evaluate (what is the precision, recall etc)
   iii. in an area, we are inferring what are the classes are coming up and tell the user to start pointing out errors, or new classes for example the user can say these things are a new class like a plantation, or this area is a new class like orchard or tea plantation (introduction of new classes)
   iv. in this particular area if we have to use some of these as training samples (wrt the new data that was marked by the user) and check the similarity in terms of earth embeddings, tessera embeddings, say if this is a plantation then this is also a plantation and we can show that to the user

can we give a sample map to the user and can we let the user refine it?
Tool like EarthIndex (it lets you do something similar with the positive and negative class but we are going one step beyond that and we have this base classifier which does well(presumably) and lets the user build on that)
Interactive elements: let the user mark points or polygons, and an infobox or some option comes up letting the user add to the positive set or let the user draw a polygon and mark it as positive/negative/tree-class/non-tree-class,
also let the user upload the polygons which was already marked by the user such as tree plantation or orchard plantation

these new markings we are able to take into account and build another classifier on the fly (dynamically quickly learned) and layers its upto on top of the already present output

(later on we can also fetch the ndvi index for the crops and tell over the time which crops are doing well and which aren't(stressed/not stressed) instead of fetching the embeddings but this is for later on)

10. base dataset we must get from all of india which is already sampled uniformly throughout the country it will give us good diversity (tree looks like this, that, etc)
11. we can start with a base classifier and let the user refine it further, share your pixels, share your polygon pixels publicly 
12. lets say users keep evolving the pan india map(for tea plantation) dataset and similarly for crop health

13. google earth engine assets, ee_chahat on google earth engine, export them out as geojsons, geotessera api see whats the bounding box, and what are the embeddings for that, it will give a 2d array in a zar format, get that for all the pixels, for each pixel you will 128-dimensional int 8 value, and construct this dataframe, 
measure how long it takes to download for one polygon, you can also think of parallelizing these requests here, you can send multiple requests at once to overcome the network/processing latencies, (how many requests can i send in parallel to do this optimally),
initially this dataframe you can keep adding as csv, take farm, tree, water, etc other regular polygons and try changing the classifier and see whats the performance , also see how long it takes to download and fetch these embeddings in our system

14. the classes that chahat has marked(doesnt have all the polygons) only has farms, trees, water primarily and also little bit of barren, built-up, shrubs they didnt not do a lot of those, we can let the people contribute to this dataset, how many pixels of each class do you have look that up, so we can ask people specifically can you mark this class on the pixels? 
 
15. the marked pixels can go to a common repository which will be basically an evolving dataset like wikipedia, (later we can do this on ndvi but only later) 