These are the instructions to give the direction for the further development of the project: 
1. legend needs to be dynamic, first we have the base classes then evolve the legend as well along with user input
2. figure out the accuracy of the on the fly model if its good or not and figure if you can get better ground truth 
3. 2 use cases: user interested in a particular area and they want to define their own classes (ex. they may want to split crops into 
paddy/non-paddy) while that is happening (they can upload/mark), we want to keep enriching the ground truth, improving the base classes,
its like a model zoo, there's a collection of models which people can use and see which one works better in their area based on some
collection of ground truth on which we have trained the said model and on that they can keep further refining, the models that are 
getting trained through this process we may keep adding to our repository
4. if a person is interested in an area, here are some models that we already have this model gives you these whole classes just pan-india
or the whole world, but we have also have another thats only trained on AEZ, we also have a district level model, essentially defining when 
a model is shown to a user so we start with a base and keep breaking it up or we can also allow the user to retrain the base model 
5. we are essentially building a database of models each model is characterized by the extent on which the model will work or where has its 
training data been taken from , what are the classes its giving, the user can any choose of the model that are good for their use case/area 
and they can then retrain any of the classes by providing some more data or you split a class and provide some samples
6. whenever the user is adding/splitting a class we should have some guidelines so that it doesn't result in a severe class imbalance
(balancing through undersampling or oversampling //tweaks) these are the further options that can be giving for further balancing the data
for the retraining
7. once the user has retrained a model so we can ask the user do you wanna contribute to the model zoo. Based on the training data, we will
say the model is only valid in this region(from the AEZ or something like that?) so we add that metadata to the model and then the user may say yes
8. for the new classes(that the user just added) we also ask the user to give us some reference information, give a description about the class
action, how did you annotate the class do you have any evidence? lets say the user wants to split into acacia/non-acacia in delhi with the polygons
that they have provided then we ask the user how do you know? any evidence? then the user may say they did some drone image and here are some
acacia grounds and non-acacia grounds and this is called model cards in ML 
9. Build a schema for this model cards LULC, we are interested in building highly customizable localised LULC models we will finalize this schema
10. one is we will have to maintain all the models, now we are running all of this on alphaearth(allegedly idk), since we have that hierarchy
, firstly the we could ask the user do you want to upload your model to alphaearth for level 1 and alphaearth will generate some output
and then alphaearth will say this is acacia non-acacia and further
11. look into Tile URL so you dont need to download it out (the png), for any model if the model is not on EE you can push it to the EE
and you run it and get the output so you will also use the EE for models and output and just guide the user for doing all this
12. when the user is happy with the model you can save it and share it, and also push it to earth engine and for all the models that have 
been trained you all have json metadata 
13. when the user is publishing the model with the new classes and description, lets say a user is defining acacia/non-acacia in a tree class
the thing is there is already a definition for tree in the system, then the user can also be asked for mapping to standard classes like bamboo/non-bamboo
some classes like say this is a wetland in sanjay gandhi, so is wetland a designated class or is wetland in sanjay gandhi a designated class,
 so we need to also ask the user that their new class maps into which of the standard LULC classes 
14. we can have our own classification standard, the classes you have defined thats cool is there anything in the standard hierarchy you wanna 
map this to otherwise the number of models will blow up
15. we can use the standard things like USDA LULC classes or the IUCN LULC classes(not exactly LULC but kinda similar) we can pull all those together
, so when the user marks we can ask the user can you map them to USDA or IUCN 
16. when the user is retraining the model, we can ask the user to choose the groundtruths; we also need cards for the data as well (the classes, etc),
for barren, here's the dataset we built and the user can use the sample for this, this and they can keep selecting unselecting, then the user
may say only sample pixels for my area of interest or sample pixels only from this xyz year
17. two ways the user can define a dataset: 1. they can define a polygon 2. dataset they want to pickup like barren class of worldcover then 
therefore we give user this kind of control (throw a panel of which datasets to choose from the positive/negative)
18. finally we will have a database of datasets(they are defined by their spatial(polygon or from some earth engine asset) and temporal extent, etc on which they are deemed to be valid)
and models 
19. later on we can also add a quality metrics like if the user is giving a dataset we could define a spatial diversity index something like entropy
on a catalogue


