1. figure how are you selecting which polygons are you using with the tiles? how are you choosing? how did you identify those 200 tiles? when are you balancing what are you doing? are you dropping some pixels?
2. add intermediate logging so it could be a help in debugging
3. we should be able to see the output at 10m x 10m pixel instead of the 1* x 1* degree pixel or 100m x 100m pixel
4. the user should be able to mark the polygons and say this polygon is not actually x label but y label (essentially allowing relabelling)
5. chosen baseline model produces an output -> we allow the users to mark some polygons and use those additional inputs as hard negatives and do a re-classification
6. the other is user wants add a class : the user wants to split greenery into trees and crops , ask the user to mark some trees and crops within greenery
7. allow the user to upload the polygons which has the user markings (if you dont want to draw a polygon) if you have some kml or geojson you can upload that and we can include that in the re-classification
8. one way we can ask the user is that this new class should be a part of which parent class (these could overwrite the existing classes too)
9. the classes that we are giving initially are the base classes, then we can improve on it
10. at the base we have the 4 classes supposedly and the user could say under a base class i want to add another class at any level of the hierarchy or i want to split the existing class at any level
11. so there are two operations : add or a split operation
12. if the user is adding give us some examples of the class(upload polygons) that you are trying to add and give positive examples of the class and optionally give negative examples of the class, also tell the level and which part of the hierarchy 
13. (all this input should be proportional to the number of classes that are new that the user wants to be added)
14. if we are performing a split operation, similarly ask where to add and examples of those new classes, there's no negatives here if the user wants to split into 3 then they have to give 3 classes examples
15. for both of these operations, we need geojson of all the new classes along with the class field and name 
16. each of these classes will have a canonical name
17. optionally let the user draw the polygon if its too essentially
18. build your own system of specifying the classification tree from the user so that the user can intuitively interact with the hierarchy name each of these as jsons (node) each of the nodes 
19. each of the nodes could be a classifier by itself??? (claude think of which one would be better one classifier or multiple classifiers for each of the classes that the user adds)
20. structure each of the nodes as json in the tree and each node would have a property (class:class_name); json as classes, subclasses sub-subclasses, where to add is essentially chaning the json
21. improve the current classification into 10m x 10m blocks along with accuracy and whatever you want to use as the base data 
22. lets say we want to split pixels with the d class, we would only train a classifier which would run on d pixels to get d1, d2, d3 etc
23. if it were an add operation with new class e, we would have to look at the all the other classes like lets say one of the a is also e, another b is also e or something like that and we will also have some b will also remain as b, also we need negative samples from the user
24. if we overlay the samples on the raster we would have examples where b has become e and b has remained b and similary for other classes then it becomes identical to splitting operation then individually they become simpler and as similar as splitting
25. another way it becomes a multi-classifier problem and we can have the two methods compared, the 4 different classifiers or one multiclassifier
26. lets start with your raw classifier: greenery, built-up, water, barren and see if you can get the greenery to do this : crops, trees, shrubs like below greenery we have crops, trees and shrubs (you can use this from IndiaSAT) 
27. for barren, sir has given mining area polygons we can use that (its in this directory as gpkg) 
28. sir will give acacia and non-acacia trees polygons(which has not been sent this to me yet) for the iit area (allegedly)

