1. downloading of the ground truth data of biomass dataset/pipeline (focus on building knowledge of gedi, how data is organized, 
how to download it, learning/taking over the script)
2. remove that two options of realistic and detailed model choice cause we have the option of choosing the base classes at the start
 and the model zoo
3. can we make the bounding box clickable on the map itself? so that we can draw a bounding box on the map; otherwise we can also let the 
user click on the map and show the bounding box increasing or decreasing with the slider we have according to the area covered by the degree
on the side;
4. fix the json, each json must have only the operations performed in that session currently after downloading the json it has a lot of the 
operations which were not even done in that session
5. lets say we do some operations in some area when we move to a custom area the hierarchy should reset since its a new area we should let 
the user start from scratch
6. on the side panel make it more explanatory that you can click on any of the classes and now you can mark data to further train model 
locally like some instruction
7. add/split and merge options should be first then the re-train option
8. all controls are in the side panel; one way is we can another panel on the right which would be contextual to what you're doing on the left
to better distribute the controls for better User experience for example on the left you click greenery and on the right you can see what you 
can do; you(claude) can think of a better idea for this split;
9. why is the model zoo not showing the barren mining and tea non tea and various other models that we trained (also delete the dummy model 
we trained on acacia/non-acacia(superseded one))
10. make it explanatory to the user for the operations without doing too much clutter
11. we can also put checks since the user would have also specified to (supposedly) a world cover base class the model works on so lets say 
if someone is trying to apply crop vs tree model on water then ideally we should flag an error (do you really want to proceed?)
12. its important to keep the flow in mind so that we can only let those controls be visible to the user (i.e. if they training their own 
model then they can see all this balancing stuff of oversampling/undersampling)
13. there will 2 views on the hierarchy: one will be the logical hierarchy (which we have right now), the other will be the view of the 
config file or the schema defining the order of operations and there the user can select we want to retrain this model in the order of operations 
(split and merge can be defined there also). On the left panel we would have two views: view by hierarchy or view by order of operations.
In view by operations, you can also select a model to retrain which will mean that the classes the model is producing the user needs to provide
the data for those; split and merge can be done either way that in the either hierarchy or in the schema view you can say this is the class i
want to split/merge then the right panel opens up you would ask either select the model for splitting this further or upload your own ground 
truth and define your own model etc so on.
similarly merge can be done on either view;
14. for the model zoo, the classes produced if they are mapped to standard classes then on the smaller card view it should show those standard 
classes instead of the user classes and then after clicking that smaller card on the detailed right panel we see okay thats what the uploader
calls it along with the other details that we have
15. you should have a cross reference into what models these dataset cards have been used in so that we know from the dataset cards itself 
where they have been used in which model; it can potentially be used in multiple models
16. it should be possible lets say for acacia/non-acacia the user wants to use that dataset but not with alphaearth but tessera that should
be possible for training
17. even without asking the user we can run a bunch of linear models and just return the model to the user which gives the best performance
like our linearsvc, xgboost, randomforest and just give back the one which performs the best for the training part based on the best accuracy
18. ideally we dont want to log everything that the user has been doing we just want the user to be able to save the current sequence;
so it shouldnt be a log since its different;
19. we need to think about the user interface and cleanly separate and chart out the pipeline for an overall better user experience
20. for the specifications run them by sir for hierarchies, model cards and dataset cards, we need to finalize and improve the schema 
if necessary
21. give an option to toggle the classification thing on top of the map to on or off (hide/unhide eye icon)
22. for tessera, we need local training and running dont we? (how is that handled with joblib files?)
23. we can also take inspiration for our work from geolibre (since its kind of similar like qgis on the web); create a project, add analysis,
save everything as a json and upload and resume as a json and it assumes the layers as links, so we can take inspiration for our work from
this as well
24. we can also let the user finally download the output as a geotiff at the end
25. add the option of selectively publishing models instead of just publish all
26. if we have to install this whole thing on a server somewhere what all needs to be done what configuration would be needed, accesses that 
if we would be publishing on github what kinda env do we need and similarly for EE do we need the authentication key



16(side point): In the previous weeks we had requested the tessera data of the 4 standard areas on which we will run the tests; here is their reply(i had uploaded 4 bounding boxes which
you can ask questions about if you dont know about them, claude im saying this to you):
//
The data you requested is ready in GeoTessera 0.9.0 with --dataset-version v1.1 --dataset-variant cambridge. We processed your ROI for the full 2017-2025 range.

The bbox below covers one of the 4 India sites in your request (Delhi area). See https://github.com/ucam-eo/geotessera for fetching the others.

pip install 'geotessera>=0.9.0'
geotessera download --bbox "77.1,28.4,77.3,28.6" --year 2024 \
  --dataset-version v1.1 --dataset-variant cambridge --output ./embeddings
Closing as resolved — please reopen if anything is missing.


27. sir had also asked some of the other guys to share the surface water polygon data can we incorporate that into our framework like just add the dataset card for it for now;
Its available at data\seasonal_water_ground_truth_polygons; maybe we could put a slide about what we got from this dataset that was shared in our presentation
this is the convo we had about that(maybe if we could ): 


Respected Sir,

Sure, we will connect with Salil.

The dataset used for training our model is available at the following link:

https://github.com/kshavv/floodMappingPipelines/blob/main/water_dataset_builder/Data/full_dataset_v3.csv

I hope this is the seasonal water ground-truth dataset you were referring to.

The seasonal water ground-truth data was provided by Chahat Ma’am. Based on the identified water bodies, we manually marked the corresponding polygons. For smaller water bodies, we also took assistance from Ramneek Ma’am.

For polygon creation, we considered approximately 10 different dates for each farm pond or water body.

Regarding your questions:

1. Most of the polygons represent (water presence, date), while comparatively fewer represent (water absence, date). We sampled water pixels from within the water-body boundary and non-water pixels from an outer ring surrounding the water body.

2. Yes, each polygon has an associated water-body ID. For example, in the name 14W12082021, 14 represents the water-body ID, W indicates water presence, and 12082021 represents the date. Similarly, names such as 14NW12082021 use NW to indicate non-water.

Thank you.
